First pass at logs quota doc (#14671)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/pricing/quotas/manage-logs-quota.mdx

});
```

#### Python SDK

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.types import Log, Hint
from typing import Optional

def before_log(log: Log, _hint: Hint) -> Optional[Log]:
    # Filter out all info level logs
    if log["severity_text"] == "info":
        return None
    return log

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    _experiments={
        "enable_logs": True,
        "before_send_log": before_log,
    },
)
```

### Logs Filtering

You can also use [Inbound Filters](/concepts/data-management/filtering/#logs-filtering) to filter logs at the server level. While this doesn't prevent data from being sent to Sentry, it does prevent filtered logs from counting against your quota.

The following inbound filters apply to Logs:

- **Log Message** - Filters logs based on the log message match
- **Releases** - Filters logs from specific release versions

To set up log message filtering:

1. Navigate to **[Project] > Project Settings > Inbound Filters**
2. Add patterns to filter out specific log messages
3. Use wildcards for flexible matching (e.g., `*Connection timeout*` to filter all logs containing "Connection timeout")

### Best Practices for Reducing Logs Quota Usage

> 1. **Set appropriate log levels**: Only log at the level you need for production (e.g., WARNING and above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Set appropriate log levels**: Only log at the level you need for production, for example, WARNING and above.
```

2. **Use structured logging**: Include relevant context in log attributes rather than verbose messages
4. **Filter at the source**: Use `beforeSendLog` callbacks to filter logs before they're sent
5. **Monitor usage patterns**: Regularly check your Usage Stats to identify projects with high log consumption

> 6. **Set up alerts**: Configure notifications when you approach your quota limits

Reviewer: Is this something we could link to? I can't tell whether I should set this up through `notifications` or `alerts`.
